Thu Apr 18 13:09:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:10:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:10:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:11:30 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:11:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:12:30 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:12:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:13:30 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:13:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:13:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:14:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:14:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564450
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:14:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:15:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:15:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564450
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:15:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:16:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:16:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:16:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:17:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:17:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:17:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:18:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:18:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564693
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:18:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:19:31 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:19:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564771
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:19:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:20:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:20:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:20:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:21:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:21:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:21:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:22:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:22:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:22:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:23:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:23:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:23:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:24:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:24:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:24:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:25:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:25:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:25:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:26:32 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:26:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:26:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:27:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:27:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:27:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:28:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:28:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:28:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:29:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:29:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:29:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:30:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:30:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:30:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:31:33 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:31:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:31:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:32:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:32:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:32:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:33:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:33:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:33:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:34:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:34:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:34:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:35:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:35:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:35:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:36:34 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:36:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:36:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:37:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:37:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:37:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:38:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:38:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:38:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:39:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:39:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:39:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:40:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:40:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:40:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:41:35 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:41:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:41:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:42:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:42:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:42:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:43:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:43:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:43:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:44:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:44:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:44:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:45:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:45:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:45:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:46:36 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:46:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:46:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:47:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:47:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:47:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:48:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:48:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:48:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:49:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:49:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:49:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:50:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:50:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:50:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:51:37 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:51:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:51:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:52:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:52:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:52:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:53:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:53:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:53:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:54:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:54:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:54:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:55:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:55:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:55:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:56:38 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:56:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:56:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:57:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:57:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:57:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:58:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:58:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:58:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:59:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:59:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 13:59:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:00:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:00:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:00:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:01:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:01:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:01:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:02:39 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:02:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:02:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:03:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:03:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:03:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:04:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:04:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:04:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:05:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:05:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:05:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:06:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:06:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:06:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:07:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:07:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:07:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:08:40 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:08:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:09:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:09:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:09:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:10:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:10:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:10:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:11:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:11:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:11:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:12:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:12:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:12:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:13:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:13:41 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:13:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:14:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:14:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:14:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:15:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:15:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:15:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:16:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:16:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:16:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:17:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:17:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:17:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:18:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:18:42 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:18:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:19:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:19:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:19:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:20:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:20:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:20:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:21:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:21:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:21:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:22:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:22:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:22:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:23:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:23:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:23:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:24:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:24:43 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:24:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:25:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:25:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:25:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:26:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:26:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:26:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:27:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:27:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:27:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:28:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:28:44 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:28:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:29:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:29:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:29:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:30:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:30:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:30:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:31:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:31:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:31:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:32:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:32:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:32:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:33:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:33:45 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:33:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:34:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:34:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:34:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:35:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:35:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:35:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:36:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:36:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:36:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:37:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:37:46 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:37:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:38:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:38:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:38:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:39:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:39:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:39:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:40:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:40:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:40:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:41:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:41:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:41:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:42:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:42:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:42:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:43:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:43:47 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:43:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:44:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:44:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:44:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:45:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:45:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:45:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:46:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:46:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:46:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:47:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:47:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:47:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:48:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:48:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:48:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:49:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:49:48 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:49:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:50:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:50:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:50:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:51:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:51:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:51:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:52:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:52:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:52:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:53:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:53:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:53:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:54:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:54:49 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:54:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:55:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:55:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:55:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:56:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:56:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:56:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:57:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:57:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:57:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:58:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:58:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:58:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:59:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:59:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 14:59:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:00:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:00:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:00:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:01:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:01:50 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:01:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:02:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:02:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:02:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:03:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:03:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:03:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:04:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:04:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:04:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:05:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:05:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:05:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:06:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:06:51 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:06:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:07:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:07:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:07:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:08:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:08:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:08:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:09:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:09:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:09:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:10:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:10:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:10:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:11:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:11:52 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:11:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:12:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:12:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:12:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:13:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:13:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:13:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:14:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:14:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:14:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:15:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:15:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:15:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:16:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:16:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:16:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:17:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:17:53 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:17:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:18:12 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:18:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:18:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:19:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:19:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:19:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:20:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:20:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:20:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:21:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:21:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:21:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:22:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:22:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:22:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:23:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:23:54 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:23:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:24:13 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:24:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:24:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:25:14 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:25:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:25:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:26:14 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:26:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:26:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:27:14 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:27:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:27:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:28:14 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:28:55 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:29:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:29:14 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:29:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:30:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:30:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:30:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:31:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:31:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:31:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:32:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:32:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:32:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:33:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:33:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:33:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:34:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:34:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:34:56 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:35:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:35:15 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:35:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:36:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:36:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:36:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:37:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:37:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:37:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:38:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:38:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:38:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:39:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:39:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:39:57 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:40:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:40:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:40:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:41:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:41:16 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:41:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:42:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:42:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:42:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:43:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:43:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:43:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:44:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:44:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:44:58 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:45:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:45:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:45:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:46:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:46:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:46:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:47:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:47:17 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:47:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:48:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:48:18 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:48:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:49:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:49:18 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:49:59 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:50:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:50:18 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:51:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:51:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:51:18 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:52:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:52:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:52:18 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:53:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:53:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:53:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:54:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:54:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:54:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:55:00 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:55:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:55:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:56:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:56:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:56:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:57:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:57:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:57:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:58:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:58:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:58:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:59:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:59:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 15:59:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:00:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:00:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:00:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:01:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:01:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:01:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:02:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:02:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:02:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:03:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:03:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:03:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:04:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:04:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:04:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:05:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:05:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:05:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:06:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:06:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:06:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:07:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:07:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:07:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:08:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:08:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:08:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:09:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:09:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:09:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:10:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:10:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:10:19 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:11:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:11:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:11:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:12:01 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:12:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:12:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:13:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:13:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:13:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:14:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:14:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:14:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:15:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:15:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:15:20 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:16:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:16:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:16:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:17:02 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:17:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:17:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:18:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:18:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:18:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:19:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:19:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:19:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:20:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:20:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:20:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:21:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:21:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:21:21 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:22:03 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:22:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:22:22 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:23:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:23:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:23:22 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:24:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:24:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:24:22 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:25:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:25:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:25:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:26:04 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:26:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:26:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:27:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:27:08 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:27:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:28:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:28:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:28:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:29:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:29:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:29:23 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:30:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:30:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:30:24 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:31:05 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:31:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:31:24 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:32:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:32:09 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:32:24 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:33:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:33:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:33:24 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:34:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:34:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:34:24 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:35:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:35:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:35:25 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:36:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:36:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:36:25 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:37:06 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:37:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:37:25 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:38:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:38:10 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:38:25 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:39:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:39:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:39:25 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:40:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:40:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:40:26 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:41:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:41:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:41:26 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:42:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:42:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:42:26 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564329
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:43:07 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564152
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563652
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Thu Apr 18 16:43:11 2019
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

www.google.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com.tw
         EDITTIME     1554779569
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779574
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
google.com
         EDITTIME     1554779488
         TRIGGERTIME  1554779488
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.106
         EDITTIME     1555562536
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562538
         TAG          static
         SECURITY     block
www.ncyu.edu.tw
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  0
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
www.facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1553705645
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563371
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
g.doubleclick.net
         EDITTIME     1554779571
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564158
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
googleusercontent.com
         EDITTIME     1554779924
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562231
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
gstatic.com
         EDITTIME     1554779927
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564571
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
clients6.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780099
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562250
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
client-channel.google.com
         EDITTIME     1554780105
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562893
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.1.105
         EDITTIME     1555562233
         TRIGGERTIME  1555564805
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
168.0.104
         EDITTIME     1555562788
         TRIGGERTIME  1555562901
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
jquery.com
         EDITTIME     1555563297
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
cloudflare.com
         EDITTIME     1555563300
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.net
         EDITTIME     1555563303
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
facebook.com
         EDITTIME     1555563367
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563367
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass
github.com
         EDITTIME     1555563492
         TRIGGERTIME  1555563492
         TAG          dynamic
         SECURITY     pass

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


